Little uncle…
It’s okay now.
Get in the car.
Did they bully you?
Little uncle,
how did you know I was here?
Your mom called me,
saying you left
this morning and haven’t
come home,
and your phone was off.
I had people check the
street cameras across the city,
and saw you in the footage.
What happened?
Little uncle, this morning
I went to the Jade Buddha Temple with a classmate to pray,
and afterward,
on the way home, we were grabbed
by some people. They made me go
to a club’s private room to deliver drinks,
saying if I did
what they asked,
they’d let me and my classmate go.
Little uncle,
but my classmate is still
in their hands,
what do I do?
Linlin, don’t panic. Here’s what we’ll do,
tell me your classmate’s name,
and find a photo of them
for me, I’ll have people look.
Don’t worry,
your classmate will be fine.
Found it.
Shi Pu’s people stole the item from Shi Nai.
That girl just now
was also arranged by Shi Pu.
These brothers
are cut from the same cloth.
All thieves.
Grab them.
Yes, sir.